1. 
We know --- 认知结论块
    from drawings ---证据来源块---核心名词先出现
    that have been preserved ---层层补充
    in caves 
    for over 10,000 years 
        that early humans performed dances 
            as a group activity.

2. 
our local farmer's market 
    is the place to be! 

3. 
Scientists have discovered 
    that other animals 
    also pass the "mirror test." 

    Elephants and dolphins have shown signs 
    of self-recognition. 
            These, like apes, are highly intelligent animals.

4. 
The cerebrum --- 先给名词
its largest part ---后补充
    is involved in cognition functions --- 补充并限定
        such as reasoning, planning, and language --- 举例

5. 
The cerebellum 
coordinates movement and balance, 
    while ---表转折
        the brainstem controls vital bodily functions 
            like breathing and heart rate

6. 

The new fitness center --- 对象
    is intended for use ---补充1
        by which of the following groups of people?---补充2

7. 
Early films were quite different from what we are used to today

8. 
We will pair you with a fluent speaker of a language of your choice.

9. 
In the event that maintenance needs arise outside of the scheduled maintenance windows we will do our best to give the university community advanced notice.
10. 
We appreciate your understanding as we strive to ensure the security and reliability of our IT infrastructure.
11. 
Despite these challenges, the benefits of aqueducts far outweighed the difficulties.
12. 
Water is essential for life as we know it, so finding water on other planets and moons is a crucial part of the quest to find life beyond Earth.
13. 
We have noted your preference for seating close to a window and will accommodate that as availability permits.
14. 
Here’s to a smoother launch of the water bottle than of the smart sportswear line!
15. 
Understanding these varied sleep patterns provides insight into how animals have adapted to their habitats and survival challenges. T
16. 
Studying economics is not just for those who aspire to become economists or bankers.
17. 
The jet stream is a fast-moving ribbon of air high in the atmosphere that affects global weather. Flowing west to east at speeds of up to 200 miles per hour, it forms due to the temperature contrast between cold polar air and warm tropical air, which creates pressure differences that generate strong winds.
18. 
The jet stream also influences cyclones and anticyclones, affecting precipitation and wind patterns
19. 
The Golden Age of Television is often considered to have occurred during the 1950s and 1960s, when TV became a dominant cultural force.
20. 
